DBTP-535 - Add command to setup codebase (#206)
uktrade/copilot-tools: dbt_copilot_helper/COMMANDS.md

- `-d
--directory <text>` _Defaults to copilot._

- `--help <boolean>` _Defaults to False._
  - Show this message and exit.

# copilot-helper codebase

[↩ Parent](#copilot-helper)

    Codebase commands.

## Usage

```
copilot-helper codebase prepare 
```

## Options

- `--help <boolean>` _Defaults to False._
  - Show this message and exit.

## Commands

- [`prepare` ↪](#copilot-helper-codebase-prepare)

# copilot-helper codebase prepare

[↩ Parent](#copilot-helper-codebase)

>     Sets up the application codebase for a CodeBuild project.

Reviewer: To accompany the other comment
```suggestion
    Sets up an application codebase for use within a DBT platform project.
```
